Fix broken link for package required for compatibility with Ubuntu 22.04 (#1353)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/operators/setup/install-node.md

> This is due to the default openssl moving to 3.x with Ubuntu 22.04.  We need to install OpenSSL 1.x for prior versions of Ubuntu to use our binaries. We can use 20.04 libraries for this by downloading and install them:

Reviewer: I noticed that this line should be updated:
```suggestion
This message is due to the default `openssl` moving to 3.* with Ubuntu 22.04. You need to install OpenSSL 1.* for prior versions of Ubuntu to use the Casper binaries with the following command:
```
